On a normal Monday morning, I somehow manage to make it to work just in time.
I work as a Data Analyst for a big company. 
We've been hearing about a new project unveiling sometime soon though.

* I enter the workplace to find my boss, Tony Cadi, speaking to the entire room.
It seems the grand project he's been so excited about is finally getting revealed.
I sure hope it's a beneficial program to society with no ridiculous caveats.

I'd like to thank you all for agreeing to join this project.
For the next few weeks we'll finally be executing our initiative.
With the power of business and government connections.

The world is full of job instability and financial insecurities. 
The distribution of wealth and power continues to skew. 
Governments worry more about the welfare of their businesses rather than that of their people..

And as such, I believe we have the solution.
The PEP Social Score System!
Enforcing youths around the world, to serve a minimum of a thousand PEP hours yearly!

This will revolutionise society!
Together we will work to enforce my grand plan to stop the crisis of international unemployment.
I hope you all do your part as a member of The Universal Society of Youth Discipline, or USYD for short.

It seems Tony notices me amongst the crowd.

Ah, you there! 
I believe I remember you having skills related to data collection, I need to speak to you about something.

What is your name?
> Anton
> Nee
Wow how exotic!
Wow what a unique name!

I can tell there is something special about you.
I remember something along the lines of you being a talented business and data consultant?
As such, I was wondering if you could accompany me tomorrow?

Will you accompany me?
> Sure! You can count on me like one two three!
> I'm only going with you because it's my job. 
Thanks! I really appreciate it. I'll talk to you later to talk to you more about it.
Ah.. okay. That's fine with me I guess.

Looks like it's time for lunch break. I'll catch you later I suppose!

In the cafeteria, my peer and close friend, Sonia Online, joins me.
In the distance, I can see Tony holding a coffee and looking through paperwork.

Heyo, what's hip and happening broski?
That speech Tony made back there was pretty weird huh?
I'm not sure I'm a fan of this PEP system idea..

I'm not sure I'm a fan of this PEP system idea..
> It's pretty insane..
> I guess it's kinda reasonable.
I know right! Surely there won't be enough people to support such an idea.
Ahaha, funny joke! Anyways, I'm sure he won't be able to find enough people to agree anyway.

Speaking of which..
Say.. what do you think of that sight over there?

Sonia seems to gesture towards Tony, who's still drinking his coffee.
And also seriously looking at that paperwork, very, very aggressively. 

What do you think of the sight of Tony?
> He does look.. kinda handsome.
> Why the hell is he sitting here in the staff cafeteria and not his fancy office?
True. Some oddballs just look oddly good I guess.
Ahahaha, I'm sure there's some out there who'd want him to sit on them instead. Weirdos.

Wait.. no way! It seems he's coming this way.

Hello! I wanted to talk to you about the details of the meetup tomorrow! 
We're meeting with a very important business associate.
I need you there to handle the data exchange between our businesses.

Huh? What do you need my friend for then? Aren't you just wasting their time?
They could be doing more important work.
You sure you're not some weirdo trying to spend private time with my friend here?

I swear I'm a completely normal guy!

Your friend's one of our core data analysts for our system!
I also need them to meet my associate so they can discuss more things.

Hmm.. seems reasonable enough I suppose.

I do wish people were a bit more trusting of my plan. 
I know you may not agree with it, but I truly do believe it's the best course of action.
I mean, surely your friend here thinks I'm normal right?

Is Tony normal?
> You're a bit odd, but it's not necessarily bad.
> You're quite eccentric.. one of the furthest people away from normal.
Ah, I see.. well, at least it's not bad I guess. See you tomorrow I suppose.
Oh. I see, I understand.. Well, see you tomorrow I guess.

Tony leaves, a bit down-trodden.

I guess you have to do your job and go with him after all.
Who knows, maybe you'll be able to make him realise his plan's whack too.

Be careful though, I think he seems kinda crazy.
He called himself completely normal earlier, but look at how he is.
Those who think of themselves as normal are often the furthest away from it.

Watch out for yourself okay?
> Well, I do like a little crazy.
> Yeah, I get creepy vibes from him. Looks like I'll have to be careful.
What!? You really are a whackjob. Whatever, call me in case anything happens okay?
Yep. Be sure to call me in case anything happens okay?

After a scrumptious hearty meal, I head home for the day.
I get prepared and think about how I'd convince Tony to stop his PEP Program.
Once the day's started, I get ready and head to the cafe to meet Tony.

I arrive at the cafe to find Tony sitting by himself.
It seems his associate has yet to arrive.

Hi! Glad you could make it!
My associate hasn't arrived yet, but when he does you'll have to talk to him about some things.
Anyway, how are you?

How are you?
> I'm doing good! And you look good!
> Terrible, work's a drag.
Ah, thanks! You look pretty good yourself too! Anyway..
Ah, well thanks for coming today nonetheless. Anyway..

I know there's some people who may not necessarily agree with my plans.. 
But I really am just trying to make the world a better place for everyone.
I really believe this program, as strict as it may be, will be good for the world.

When I graduated from university, I'd spent too much of my time focusing only on my studies.
I didn't do any other extracurricular activities, and because of that, I failed to land a job for years.
On the edge of starvation and financial ruin, the associate we're meeting today hired me.

He's a mentor and former boss of mine whom I really respect.
He let me do all kinds of responsibilities in his company, and I thought it was important.
Even when the jobs weren't all that relevant, any experience is experience right?

Despite how he seems.. Perhaps he's more grounded than I thought.
His plan makes more sense after that. But it's still ridiculous.
Forcing youths to work thousands of hours a year is ludicrous.

Anyway, that's enough about me.
While we're sitting here waiting, why don't we try an ice-breaker of sorts?
Like.. jokes! Let's try that.

I'm a huge fan of puns, and it'd be great if you could try one on me.
Go ahead, any joke that comes to your mind!

What's a pun you'd like to say?
> Are you a Happy Meal? Because I'm McLovin you!
> Are you Monday Morning? Because nobody likes you.
What a weird thing to say all of the sudden.. you're lucky I'm receptive to jokes.
That's pretty rude y'know, you're lucky I'm receptive to jokes.

A man enters the cafe in a suit. It appears to be Tony's associate.

Hello! Tony! My old friend! I haven't seen you in so long!
And this here must be the analyst you mentioned?

Yes yes, it's great to see you! Please please, take a seat!
My peer here is one of our key analysts and I believe you need to discuss with them.

Ah, how embarrassing..
It seems I have to take a call.
Entertain our associate here please, I'll be back shortly.

Tony leaves to go outside to answer his phone. You and Winnie sit for a few awkward minutes before he starts talking.

You know, this guy spent months begging me to fund his project.
He's very determined to make this all happen.
You've gotta give credit where credit's due.

Huh.. I guess Tony really is dedicated to making a change.

Shame he doesn't realise my true intentions.
He's neglected the full ramifications of me funding this project.
And that is.. advertising rights.

While Winnie is talking, Tony arrives back behind him. He enters through the door silently however.
Silent enough that Winnie still doesn't notice and continues talking.

The advertisements that I'll run all across all the PEP Sites will grant me so much money.
I couldn't care less about unemployment and whatnot.
At the end of the day, money is money.

I'm telling you this now while I have the chance because when you see our company plans..
Plans to implement advertisements with companies that aren't exactly ethical..
Well.. you understand right?

The only reason I even took Tony in when he was young was because he was so hungry.
And hungry workers are exploitable workers. He did all the odd jobs assigned to him.
I made up some stuff about them being valuable learning experiences.

A valuable promotion here and there.. and voila, a worker that wouldn't betray you.
And now he's a valuable pawn for more money.
And when I'm done with him, I'm probably just gonna increase the wealth gap some more anyway.

Excuse me!?

Ah! Tony! I didn't realise you were back! You shoulda said something!

And you should've kept your mouth shut.
Regardless of how much funding you provide, I can't work with you if that's your plan.
I can't believe you'd do this to me.

Wait! Everything I said was a joke just now! I swear I-

Clearly limiting the PEP Program to Youths is not enough..
Even seniors like you clearly need more humility and people experience.
I'll make it so that everyone has to undertake the PEP program.

That's ridiculous! You can't pull something like that!
You're just being naive. You know if it wasn't for me you'd be nothing.
If I didn't take you under my wing I'd-

Tony is visibly furious. He's about to swing a punch before you take matters into your own hands.

I grab Winnie the Pooh's hand and arm-wrestle it down so hard he drops unconscious.

..

Thanks.. I'd probably have done worse if you hadn't stepped in before I did.
But.. I see now there's something I have to do.
I'm submitting this proposal straight to the company head and acting it out right now.

I thought working with my old boss's company would make things smoother.
But I don't need his help. Clearly this is something I need to do on my own.
I'm changing the plan to include everyone, youths or not, and increasing the hours.

Tony storms out of the cafe, leaving me behind with Winnie's unconscious body. 
I too, quickly leave the cafe, running out into the now raining outdoors.

I run towards Tony and call out to him. 
If I leave him alone now, he may never change his mind about things again. 
This is an important turning point where I need to change his mind soon.

Hey I'm walkin' here!
Wait, you?
Please leave me alone, I'm turning in this proposal right now and you can't stop me.

You can't go! There's something important I have to tell you!
> I know you think what you're doing is right, but you shouldn't do this.
> You have no idea what you're doing. It's a disaster waiting to happen.
I disagree!
I disagree!

You don't know anything about this project anyway! You're just a data collector and analyst!
Why does what I do even matter to you?

Why does what I do even matter to you?
> Even when I've been collecting data, what's caught my attention the most.. is you.
> Because you're a reckless idiot that's endangering us all!
There's a time and place for these things, what the hell?
Stop it, just stop it.

Please don't toy with my feelings like that. Despite how I seem, I am quite sensitive.
Stop joking around.

Stop joking around.
> You dense prick, they're not jokes! I love you! Your idea does suck though.
> You think I'm joking? You know what, I actually hate you. Your idea sucks.
The things you're saying don't make any sense.
You know what? Your opinion shouldn't matter to me.

You're throwing my feelings all over the place. I'm losing my mind here.
If you try to stop me, I won't hesitate to use force.

Sonia shows up behind you. 
It seems she may have either been following you or just ran into the conversation.
Either way, how convenient.

Tony! I can't let you get away with your plan! It's insane!

Sonia throws herself at Tony, attempting to tackle him to the ground. 
Tony reacts quickly and grabs her arm, imitating your arm-wrestle technique from earlier.
However, he executes it too well, and Sonia is hurt more than she should've been.

It seems your technique is quite effective. I'm sorry.. 
I might have used too much force there, but I can't let you stop me.
I'll call an ambulance for her, but I have to go now.

Tony leaves, phone in hand calling an ambulance for Sonia.
He then disappears into the distance. You walk towards the injured Sonia.

Hey broski.. looks like I'm a bit worse for wear.. hehe..
I'll be fine though.. 
You have to stop him though.. okay? Do it.. for me..

You have to stop him though.. okay? Do it.. for me..
> I'll stop him. But with the power of love.
> I'll stop him. No matter what it takes.
Hahaha.. you're crazy. Maybe you're really both meant for each other.
Hahaha.. hey, what's with the look in your eyes, don't do anything too extreme okay?

After seeing an ambulance arrive not too shortly, I ran forward into the direction Tony went.
Thanks to divine intuition and luck, I managed to catch up with him by the edge of a cliff.

Before I confront Tony. I need to address something.
I know I'm not normal.
From the very beginning, it's felt like I haven't ever had many options.

Almost as if I'm being controlled by some external system or being.
Am I just a shadow whose actions are limited? 
A machination, a person with not even an image?

I feel as if all I can say is something filled with love or spite.
My actions are on the edge of what one really should say.
And as such, I'm an overthinker who always falls to the extremes.

And in that extreme, it seems I've fallen in love way too easily.
But that's just how I am. How I feel I was programmed to be.
I will stop Tony. But we'll continue the rest of our story together.

I call out to Tony, who I've finally caught up to. It seems he's finally dried up.

Why are you still following me? I already told you to let me go.

You're forcing your own ideals on the people. This isn't the right way to do this.

I don't know what this is between us but.. I have to put my personal feelings aside.. I must do what is right.

Whether you like it or not.. I seriously love you!
You're an amazing person, and I won't stand here and let the person I love make such a mistake!

..

Let's stop this meaningless bickering.

But I can't.. I can't let myself remain a slave to the injustice of this world.


If you can't force yourself to be a slave to this world.. Then I want you to be a part of mine.

..

Whatever the world's troubles are.. we'll face them together, because that's what I want us to be..

Together?

Together. Always.

I guess.. maybe we can work something out..

I'm glad I met you..
You make me feel things.
And those things are more important to me than anything else.

Wait, what was your name again?

Before I confront Tony. I need to address something.
I know I'm not normal.
From the very beginning, it's felt like I haven't ever had many options.

Almost as if I'm being controlled by some external system or being.
Am I just a shadow whose actions are limited? 
A machination, a person with not even an image?

I feel as if all I can say is something filled with love or spite.
My actions are on the edge of what one really should say.
And as such, I'm an overthinker who always falls to the extremes.

It's always love or spite with me it seems. 
And this time my spite may have gone too unreasonably far.
It seems soon my actions may be pushed to the edge of rationality.

I call out to Tony who I've finally caught up to. It seems he's finally dried up.

Why are you still following me? I already told you to let me go.

I'm stopping you right here and now. No matter what it takes. 

I beg your pardon?

Then beg.

How could you say that? I did my best to treat you courteously, and I'm trying to do the right thing here!

Simple, you scratch my back, I stab yours.

In a moment of true edginess, I simply give him the biggest push I can.
I unleash the other variation of my secret strength technique.

SERIOUS PUSH!!!

I push Tony down to the ground and in one push, it ends him.
Huh.
I didn't expect him to go down so easily.

I've done the right thing right?

I didn't go too over the edge did I?

Surely, this was for a just cause.

Yes, ofcourse. Of Course this is the right thing to do..
..
But..

What will happen to me now?
What am I even doing?
What am I?

I guess this is where our story ends. 
On the edge of the cliff, my sanity and a corpse.
The edge of what could've been something more.

Joseph Ovelgonne - Main Developer
Miguel Benatiro - Script Writer, Music Composition, Developer
Kaitlyn Truong - Graphics, Developer

Sound Effects: www.peaceloveproductions.com
Be sure to try the other ending :D
Thanks for playing!